ISSUES.md, before:

# Known Issues and Required Fixes

## Critical Issues

### 1. Platform-Specific DeepSpeed Installation
**File:** `install.js:31`
**Issue:** Windows-specific DeepSpeed wheel installation runs on all platforms
**Impact:** Installation will fail on Linux/macOS
**Fix Needed:** Add platform detection wrapper around DeepSpeed installation
```javascript
{
  "when": "{{platform === 'win32'}}",
  method: "shell.run",
  params: {
    venv: "env",
    path: "app",
    message: "uv pip install https://github.com/6Morpheus6/deepspeed-windows-wheels/releases/download/v0.17.5/deepspeed-0.17.5+e1560d84-cp310-cp310-win_amd64.whl"
  }
}
```

### 2. Incorrect Reset Directory
**File:** `reset.js:5`
**Issue:** Resets wrong directory - removes `env` instead of `app/env`
**Impact:** Reset function doesn't work properly
**Fix Needed:** Change path to `app/env`

### 3. Git Pull Missing Path Context
**File:** `update.js:5`
**Issue:** `git pull` runs in wrong directory (should run in project root)
**Impact:** Update function may fail or update wrong repository
**Fix Needed:** Add proper path context

## Platform Compatibility Issues

### 4. CUDA Version Mismatch
**File:** `torch.js:26,88`
**Issue:** Uses cu124 but documentation claims cu128 support
**Impact:** May cause GPU compatibility issues
**Fix Needed:** Update to cu128 or correct documentation

### 5. Windows Triton Configuration
**File:** `install.js:19`
**Issue:** Triton enabled on Windows but should be Linux-only for stability
**Impact:** Potential stability issues on Windows
**Fix Needed:** Move triton to Linux-specific configuration

## Error Handling Issues

### 6. URL Regex Pattern
**File:** `start.js:18`
**Issue:** URL regex `/http:\/\/\\S+/` could match false positives
**Impact:** May incorrectly detect application startup
**Fix Needed:** Use more specific regex pattern like `/Running on (http:\/\/[^\\s]+)/`

### 7. Missing Error Handling
**Files:** Various
**Issue:** No error handling for:
- Git clone failures in installation
- Model download failures
- Network connectivity issues
- Insufficient disk space
**Impact:** Poor user experience when things go wrong
**Fix Needed:** Add try-catch blocks and user-friendly error messages

## Minor Issues

### 8. Hardcoded Python Version
**File:** `install.js:31`
**Issue:** DeepSpeed wheel is hardcoded for Python 3.10 (cp310)
**Impact:** Will fail on other Python versions
**Fix Needed:** Detect Python version or provide fallback

### 9. Missing Dependency Verification
**Files:** All installation scripts
**Issue:** No verification that dependencies installed correctly
**Impact:** Silent failures may occur
**Fix Needed:** Add verification steps after installations

## Priority Order

1. **HIGH:** Platform-specific DeepSpeed installation
2. **HIGH:** Reset directory path fix
3. **MEDIUM:** Git pull path context
4. **MEDIUM:** CUDA version consistency
5. **LOW:** Error handling improvements
6. **LOW:** URL regex refinement

## Status

- [x] Fixed requirements.txt dependency versions
- [ ] Fix platform-specific DeepSpeed installation
- [ ] Fix reset directory path
- [ ] Fix update git pull context
- [ ] Add comprehensive error handling
- [ ] Improve URL detection regex
- [ ] Add dependency verification steps

Commit message:

Fix CUDA version documentation and Windows Triton configuration
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>
Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-f169a265-01bb-4eaa-bf36-83c2cc7740c4

ISSUES.md, after:

# Known Issues and Required Fixes

## Critical Issues

### 1. Platform-Specific DeepSpeed Installation
**File:** `install.js:31`
**Issue:** Windows-specific DeepSpeed wheel installation runs on all platforms
**Impact:** Installation will fail on Linux/macOS
**Fix Needed:** Add platform detection wrapper around DeepSpeed installation
```javascript
{
  "when": "{{platform === 'win32'}}",
  method: "shell.run",
  params: {
    venv: "env",
    path: "app",
    message: "uv pip install https://github.com/6Morpheus6/deepspeed-windows-wheels/releases/download/v0.17.5/deepspeed-0.17.5+e1560d84-cp310-cp310-win_amd64.whl"
  }
}
```

### 2. Incorrect Reset Directory
**File:** `reset.js:5`
**Issue:** Resets wrong directory - removes `env` instead of `app/env`
**Impact:** Reset function doesn't work properly
**Fix Needed:** Change path to `app/env`

### 3. Git Pull Missing Path Context
**File:** `update.js:5`
**Issue:** `git pull` runs in wrong directory (should run in project root)
**Impact:** Update function may fail or update wrong repository
**Fix Needed:** Add proper path context

## Platform Compatibility Issues

### 4. CUDA Version Mismatch
**File:** `torch.js:26,88`
**Issue:** Uses cu124 but documentation claims cu128 support
**Impact:** May cause GPU compatibility issues
**Fix Needed:** Update to cu128 or correct documentation

### 5. Windows Triton Configuration
**File:** `install.js:19`
**Issue:** Triton enabled on Windows but should be Linux-only for stability
**Impact:** Potential stability issues on Windows
**Fix Needed:** Move triton to Linux-specific configuration

## Error Handling Issues

### 6. URL Regex Pattern
**File:** `start.js:18`
**Issue:** URL regex `/http:\/\/\\S+/` could match false positives
**Impact:** May incorrectly detect application startup
**Fix Needed:** Use more specific regex pattern like `/Running on (http:\/\/[^\\s]+)/`

### 7. Missing Error Handling
**Files:** Various
**Issue:** No error handling for:
- Git clone failures in installation
- Model download failures
- Network connectivity issues
- Insufficient disk space
**Impact:** Poor user experience when things go wrong
**Fix Needed:** Add try-catch blocks and user-friendly error messages

## Minor Issues

### 8. Hardcoded Python Version
**File:** `install.js:31`
**Issue:** DeepSpeed wheel is hardcoded for Python 3.10 (cp310)
**Impact:** Will fail on other Python versions
**Fix Needed:** Detect Python version or provide fallback

### 9. Missing Dependency Verification
**Files:** All installation scripts
**Issue:** No verification that dependencies installed correctly
**Impact:** Silent failures may occur
**Fix Needed:** Add verification steps after installations

## Priority Order

1. **HIGH:** Platform-specific DeepSpeed installation
2. **HIGH:** Reset directory path fix
3. **MEDIUM:** Git pull path context
4. **MEDIUM:** CUDA version consistency
5. **LOW:** Error handling improvements
6. **LOW:** URL regex refinement

## Status

- [x] Fixed requirements.txt dependency versions
- [x] Fixed CUDA version documentation (changed from 12.8 to 12.4)
- [x] Removed Windows Triton configuration for stability
- [ ] Fix platform-specific DeepSpeed installation
- [ ] Fix reset directory path
- [ ] Fix update git pull context
- [ ] Add comprehensive error handling
- [ ] Improve URL detection regex
- [ ] Add dependency verification steps
